---
layout: post
title: "Brewing Filters"
date:   2015-02-06 09:00:00
author: Alex Carpenter
excerpt: Once you have your preferred brewing method picked out, it’s now time to stock up on filters. With full immersion brew methods, there is typically a metal filter that is a part of the device. This usually doesn’t give you any alternatives, which is perfectly fine!
---

Quite often, the downside of these filters is that more of the sediments are allowed to pass through the filters and the cup of coffee becomes sludgy. This is the distinctive quality that full immersion methods should have and is perfectly acceptable if that’s your preference.

When going with the Aeropress, any pour over, and even the Chemex, there are more options that just one default filter. There’s the option of bleached filters (the classic white), natural, and becoming more popular are metal filters that are designed specifically for each individual brew method.

Let’s break down each type of filter with pros and cons.

**Bleached or white filters:** These are the easiest filters to find for any type of coffee brewer. In the past, these filters have used a chlorine bleach that, with the more refined palates, would leave a distinct funky taste in your coffee. White filters are now typically made with oxygen bleach which doesn’t give off that chemical taste as it once did. They can be thrown out after each use and even composted.

**Natural filters:** Similar to the Bleached filters, but made out of a natural material that is easier on the environment. Natural filters can debate that they don’t give off a chemical taste like the bleached filters, but they do have a slight paper taste that affects the coffee.

**Metal filters:** The biggest pro to these is the fact that you don’t have to throw out any paper filters or keep any in stock! Simply just use the metal filter as you would a paper filter and after your brew either dump the grounds in your trash or compost or you can even throw them in your garden and clean the filter to use again. The main downside to using a metal filter is the increase of oils in your coffee. The big pro a paper filter has to a metal filter is that they catch any oils, metal filters allow these oils to pass through.

A lot of insight about filters comes through personal experiences. You can read reviews until you’re about ready to throw a clean sock in your device, but nothing comes close to good ol’ trial and error. Maybe you decide to go with a metal filter for the Aeropress but then a paper filter for the Chemex. That’s fine! Just go out and make it your own.