---
layout: post
title: "Support This Site"
date:   2015-02-03 09:00:00
author: Alex Carpenter
category: news
excerpt: We love brewing coffee and sharing that passion with our friends and family. So much so that we decided to build a list of resources to help teach people like you to brew great coffee at home or in the office. I Brew My Coffee was born out of passion. To keep this project alive and sustainable we need your help.
---

If you have been enjoying the content we have been producing for ibrewmyowncoffee.com, and if you’d like us to continue producing great content for you, please consider giving us one dollar (or however much you like) each month.

### Why Patreon?

The first thing you read when you visit patreon.com is: “Support and engage with the creators you love”. Patreon offers a simple way for you to support the content we are creating at ibrewmyowncoffee.com. Patreon gives us direct access to those who support us. With this we are able to share special giveaways and discount codes with only those who are patrons. 

<aside class="pull-right">
	<p>Here’s an excellent podcast and blog and so much more about brewing great coffee! Help support it!</p>
	<small>&ndash; Tim Smith, Podcaster/Developer</small>
</aside>

Patreon is a way for you to be our personal sponsor. Because of your giving, we are able to keep you up to date on new products, interesting coffee stories, and everything in between. We aren’t saying that the site will be shutting down if you don’t become a patron, just that it would help immensely in finding those new products to introduce you to or more special giveaways.

### Ad Free!

Being ad free allows us to act as an independent resource. Unbiased towards coffee roasters or products, we are able to share our honest opinions, whether it’s positive or negative. You are the reason we make new content, record podcasts and conduct product reviews. 

By having no ad spaces on our page we are guaranteeing that ibrewmyowncoffee.com is 100% content that is valuable to you. Since the beginning, our passion has been geared towards helping others brew better coffee at home or in the office, not in making various partnerships with the biggest companies out there. You are our focus. 

### Become a patron today

You can sign up to start supporting I Brew My Own Coffee over on Patreon right [here](https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=506550&patAmt=1).

***

**Thank you to our current patrons!**

* [Joe Darnell](http://joedarnell.com/)
* [Tim Smith](http://ttimsmith.com)
* [Kyle Roderick](http://kyleroderick.com/)
* [Oliver Banta](https://twitter.com/obanta)
