---
layout: post
title: "Pour Over Kettles"
date:   2015-02-07 09:00:00
author: Alex Carpenter
excerpt: When it comes to brewing great coffee, consistency is king. A pouring kettle is the easyiest way to control the amount of water you are using with popular pour over methods. A consitant flow of water is essential. Here are a few reasons we insist on investing in a proper pour over kettle.
---

Starting with the design of the kettle, the most noticeable difference is that the water comes from a thin, tube-like neck that allows your water to come out in small increments instead of a waterfall of boiling hot water drowning your grounds in a pool of sludge. This small flow of water allows you to slowly cover the grounds so that the contact time between the grounds and the water is prolonged and more flavor is then extracted. When you use a regular kettle and allow the water to push the grounds around it causes some unnecessary agitation within the coffee grounds bed and extracts incorrectly than what is desired.

Next, the placement of where the spout starts (at the bottom of the kettle), helps with the rate of flow. No matter how far you tip the kettle, the flow rate is always constant and allows for a more consistent brew from person to person.

Yes, you can heat the water in the kettle instead of having to transfer your water from your teapot to your brewing kettle. We personally choose to heat my water in our stove-top kettle and transfer it to our Hario Kettler only because we have a gas stove and we don’t want any burn marks on the bottom of the kettle. But we have seen these kettles placed directly on top of the stove.

### Here are a few options we would suggest.

1.) If you already have a tea kettle and just need to get a pouring kettle, pick up a [Hario V60 Buono Kettle](http://amzn.to/1qMVFdv). It is what you would most likely see being used in most specialty coffee shops.

2.) If you have some extra counter space and want an all in one solution, we would suggest the [Bonavita 1L Gooseneck Kettle](http://amzn.to/1tSuxf4). This is pretty nice because it will get your water boiling a little quicker than a standard tea kettle and also alleviates the need to move the hot water from the tea pot into the Hario Kettle.

3.) If you want something a little more special we suggest checking out the [Monarch Methods Copper Kettles](http://monarchmethods.com/collections/all/products/mk320). Cooper is great a holding a consistant water temperature and the unique design of the kettle offers very precise pour overs. Listen to [Episode 9](/podcast/episode-9-monarch-methods/) of our podcast where we talk with Chris Chekan, the founder of Monarch Methods about the benefits of using his kettles.

Either of these products will help you produce a more consistent cup of coffee on a daily basis.